Mqtt add object_id (#20217)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_docs/mqtt/discovery.markdown

  "gps_accuracy": 1.2
 }
```

> ### Used object_id to generate the entity id

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Use object_id to influence the entity id
```
